The eldest lady can't show her mother or can't show her mother
Miss, I can show Miss
Lin Hong
How dare you spoil such a fresh fruit
Pick it up and eat it
Luo Xueqing
Why are you bullying us?
Bullying you, don't talk nonsense
Fruit that I grew up dropping on the ground
This soul will never dislike it
Soul
Pick it up for me and eat it
Eat it!
Eat, pick it up
Miss
The fruit that fell on the ground is dirty, I will wash it before eating it.
So hypocritical
In the past, you could eat it directly.
how
You miss
Excuse me.
Afraid of embarrassing him
And that's not easy.
Come and pull Lin Nian Nian aside for me
Hey you let me go
Think about it a little
No matter if you miss the eldest lady
Lin Hong
As long as you pick up the fruit from the ground and eat it
I promise not to embarrass Lin Niannian you
Wow
Don't eat it.
OK
I eat
Mom
Mom, don't eat
Mom I beg you mom
Mom, I'm begging you, mom, don't eat mom
Mom, stop eating
Ah, how is it enough to eat so much?
Eat all these for me
Ha ha.
How did Lin Nian Nian see your mother eating fruit?
You won't even go
Li Nian took him down to me
Miss, I beg you to forgive me for a year
Go away
2 small new
I want you to go up today
Just let go of Xiaoxi that year